# Authorize Transaction Error Codes

<table><thead><tr><th width="146">Status Code</th><th>Details</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>401</td><td>No billingToken or quote token provided, or the quote token is invalid. See error message for details on what you're missing.</td></tr><tr><td>402</td><td>Card payment failure. Billing Information data associated with billingToken is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>403</td><td>No body data provided.</td></tr><tr><td>404</td><td>Invalid Token. Quote not found.</td></tr><tr><td>405</td><td>Incorrect data type and header content-type, should be "application/json"</td></tr><tr><td>408</td><td>Missing paymentInformation object or billingToken.</td></tr><tr><td>409</td><td>Quote is expired, request a new quote and try again.</td></tr><tr><td>418</td><td>Request includes both paymentInformation and billingToken. You must use either one, but not both.</td></tr><tr><td>419</td><td>Unable to verify card. Refer to response.</td></tr><tr><td>420</td><td>Card data is incomplete/invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>421</td><td>Card was recently refused and is temporally restricted from further charge attempts, refer to expiration time in response data to try again.</td></tr><tr><td>422</td><td>Card was refused. See <code>reason</code> field for the refusal reason.</td></tr><tr><td>423</td><td>Error with card details. See response for more details.</td></tr><tr><td>430</td><td>Failed request - Merchant might not be configured. Refer to the response message. </td></tr><tr><td>501</td><td>Internal Server Error. Contact support for more details.</td></tr><tr><td>505</td><td>Internal Server Error. Try again or contact support</td></tr><tr><td>521</td><td>Error processing payment. Try again, check card data, or contact support</td></tr><tr><td>550-555</td><td>Internal Error, try again or contact support with error code.</td></tr><tr><td>560</td><td>Unable to communicate with card network, try again or contact support.</td></tr><tr><td>561</td><td>Incorrect formatting for transaction data. Check your request and try again or contract support</td></tr></tbody></table>
